Glossary: grammatical fix for non-normative entry (#22879)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/non-normative/index.md

  - Standardization
---

> Software {{Glossary("specification", "specifications")}} often contain information marked as **non-normative** or _informative_, which is provided to help readers understand the specification better or to show an example or best practice. This part of the specification does not need to be followed as a rule. Sections that contain the official part of the specification that must be followed are often marked as {{Glossary("normative")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Software {{Glossary("specification", "specifications")}} often contain information marked as **non-normative** or _informative_, which is provided to help readers understand the specification better, or to show an example or best practice. Non-normative parts of the specification are provided as guidelines, and do not form part of the formal specification. Sections that contain the official part of the specification are often marked as {{Glossary("normative")}}.
```

Author: Thanks!
